Welcome to building
AI-powered apps with Node.js.
I'm your instructor, Scott Moss.
Happy to have you here.
Happy to be back with
the Frontend Masters team.
As you know, this is pretty much
the only platform that I still teach on.
Just love the team, I love the platform.
And I love to get up here and just talk
about all the random cool things that I've
been working on if people wanna listen.
[LAUGH] So here I am, I'm back today
to talk about the thing that's been on
top of mind for
me the most which is AI, and
the reason that's been on my mind a lot
is because of just what I do every day.
So if you don't know me, I've been
an engineer for over a decade now, and
since then, I've done things
like starting companies, and
then eventually transitioned
over to be an investor.
So my full-time job now is
an investor in early-stage startups.
And then at the firm that I work at,
I mostly focus on AI, so
I'm literally consuming AI, whether it's
evaluating pitches from teams building
an AI to evaluating technologies around
AI to stay educated on the market and
different opportunities.
And then on a personal matter,
I spend a lot of my time, just one,
just trying to keep up with it,
but two, just building things.
So that way, I am staying relevant when
I talk to these extremely technical,
extremely intelligent founders that
are doing some amazing stuff on
the forefront of AI.
So it's basically consuming
my professional and
somewhat personal life at this point.
So this is kind of like
a venting exercise for
me to just vent about all the cool stuff
that I've been seeing, and in such a way.
So that's kinda what I'm doing now.
If you've paid attention, the last course
I created here was a full stack out from
scratch where we built a note taking app
in Next Js, or not, it's a journaling app.
And there was a lot of AI involved in it
around figuring out the sentiment and
things like that.
Okay, this course, there is a little
bit of crossover because there's AI, so
the crossover itself is AI.
But in that course, it was mostly just
building the full stack app itself.
And we kinda went through
some examples of AI and
we talked about some of
the things you can do.
But in this course there is no UI.
There's no front end
component to this course,
cuz I feel like that would
just be a distraction.
This is purely only focusing on AI.
And we're gonna get into the intricacies
of different examples beyond what we did
in the full stack app.
So if you wanna learn something more like,
I really just wanna see how I can
integrate some AI techniques into a full
stack app, go check that course out.
If you wanna dive into, I wanna see all
the cool stuff AI can do regardless of
whatever app it might be sitting behind,
this is the course for you.
If you know me, my style is mostly like,
I just like to code as much as possible,
I don't like to talk, but
it can get pretty crazy that way.
I'll get off track,
it might be unorganized.
So to save myself and
to be a resource for you all,
I created some notes with some materials.
So the first thing you wanna do is
you wanna go to this GitHub repo on
Frontend Masters.
It's called ai-nodejs,
should be a public repo.
Go check that out.
This repo you don't need
to pull this code down.
This is just like the finished
version of the course.
What we do here today should be an exact
replica of this, but I don't know.
I never write the same code twice the same
way, so it'll be mostly the same, but
you'll get the point, but
it's here to reference as we go along.
If you wanna see like, okay,
what is he talking about?
Here's the complete version of that, but
also more importantly, in the readme,
if you click the notes, there should
be a link to a notion document that
has everything that we'll be doing here.
So this is all the lectures,
the topics that I'll be covering, and
then a step by step of all the code that
I wrote in this curriculum explaining
pretty much every single line to the best
of my ability of what I'm doing there.
So also we'll be using this just to stay
on track, stay guided, a resource for
you to copy and paste if you wanna catch
up, and then also that repo is there.